# What is this repository?
This repository houses software to automatically evaluate Dicom data for different MRI Quality Assuracne protocols such as common ones by the Americal College of Radiology (ACR) to the fMRI QA protocol by Friedman and Glover (according to DOI 10.1002/jmri.20583). On top of this is the analysis for a custom protocol included, the so called OrQA protocol. The goal of designing this protocol is to provide a similar phantom to the ACR one but with a modular design and smaller size, since this protocol was designd with small pTx coils present e.g. at 7T scanners in mind.

# What is the OrQA Protocol?
The Open regular Quality Assurance (OrQA) Protocol is inspired by the ACR Protocol and comes with a custom, 3D-printed phantom. Key considerations are a matching size for all scanners, ease of use for operators in scanning and evaluating the data and furthermore modularity. The last point plays a key role, because it means that improvements can be made fast and without compromising the whole phantom, which will be saving money and especially printing time allowing for rapid prototyping and easy parts replacement.

The OrQA Phantom consists of a cylindrical case which measures 160mm in outer diameter and 142mm in height, not including the lid. The inner part of the phantom is 148mm in diameter and 132mm in height. The inner part houses four rails at the side of the walls. This case houses the modules and is filled with saline solution which is MR-visible. Earlier versions were filled with pure water but had problems with signal outages at 7T caused by suboptimal electric conductivity. The used materials used for the phantom are polyethylene terephthalate glycol (PETG) and polylactide (PLA) which are MR-opaque and have a similar susceptibility to water.

